I really think of myself as a queen
An abandoned concubine was thrown into the cold the night she got married
I have never even seen the face of the emperor
What if I were you?
Just hit and die
Save yourself the embarrassment here
A palace maid dares to be rude to this palace
So unruly, it seems that there is a lack of discipline
I am Qin Guiren's dowry maid
How dare you hit me?
This palace is your master no matter how bad it is
How did she type the scenery just now, you can call me back
Empress, she is Qin Guiren's person
If you offend Qin Guiren
Hmm, you have self-knowledge
My noble is the eldest daughter of Qin Guodong, the most beloved general of Yipin Town
If you dare
So what?
I don't live with your general
I don't care who he dotes on
Give me the view
It's Empress, you dare
You wait for me.
My master won't let you go
The scenery hits hard
Let you take something and dawdle
I want this palace to set foot in this cheap land in person